---
title: "June 2022 Ride Recap"
date: 2022-06-27T17:00:00-07:00
author: "Mingwei"
draft: false
---

The Supreme Court today overturned Roe v. Wade, upending 50 years of settled
law and sparking protests all across the country and world. San Francisco had
at least three separate protests which converged together, as well as the
[Trans March](https://www.transmarch.org/trans-march-2022/), leading to a
chaotic evening.

Critical Mass set out around 6:50pm as we were waiting for
[Deep and his music bike Trikeasaurus](https://twitter.com/deepasaurus).
We headed up Market Street, where we quickly ran into barriers at 7th Street
for the protests. We continued through Hayes Valley and biked through cars
sitting in traffic on Octavia, Oak, and Fell. Caltrans had closed the entrance
to the normally loud polluting Central Freeway as thousands walked by in the
Trans March. We continued along Market to The Castro, a destination several
people wanted to reach in honor of Pride, and then rode down to Dolores Park
for the first stop.

After a half hour break we continued onward, south, up a few hills to Slow
Sanchez Street, and stopped briefly at 30th Street to figure out a route back
north. We continued up another decent hill, unusal for Critical Mass, and
stopped in front of the Bernal Heights Library to regroup. After all our
accumulated altitude, we bombed down 200 ft into the industrial no-man's land
between 101 and 280 before escaping to the bay. We stopped at Warm Water Cove,
a small hidden-gem of a park, then continued north along the bay. Unknown
people were setting off quite impressive fireworks at the boatworks near the
Chase Center, and we stopped to watch. Finally, we turned west at 16th Street
and reached the Mission where I peeled off to head home.

{{< leaflet-elevation gpx="/routes/2022-06-24.gpx" >}}

It was fun getting off the regular Critical Mass routes and riding on Slow
Sanchez and through Bernal Heights, although the uphill sections are unpopular.
Total route was about 15 miles, with 620 feet of up-and-down elevation.
